Can you introduce
yourself, please?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I'm Farouk Dey, the
Associate Vice Provost
for Student Affairs and Dean of
Career Education at Stanford.
Nice to meet you, Farouk.
Perhaps you can tell us a
little bit about Vision 20/20.
Vision 20/20 is
Stanford's attempt
to reinvent career services for
university students and alumni.
Do you want me to go more?
That's fine.
OK.
Good to back it off or--
[MUSIC PLAYING]
We are pushing the boundaries
of what a university career
education program can do
for its students and alumni
at Stanford.
We are doing this by embedding
our career coaches and career
communities all over campus.
We are connecting
our career catalysts
with alumni and corporate
partners all over the world.
And we are connecting our career
ventures team with industries
all for the purpose
of bring in more
opportunities for our students.
We are committed to
helping students transition
successfully into
the world of work.
And we have set up an
exciting and bold vision.
Stanford's vision for career
education is for all students
to transform their
education and ambitions
into meaningful work over
the course of their lifetime.
Stanford's model of
career connections
rely on the concept
of meaningful work
because it's different.
It's not about just
helping students get jobs.
It's about positioning
students to obtain
the type of work that adds value
and meaning to their own lives.
At Stanford University
we talk about creating
a culture of happenstance where
we're often putting students
in the right place at
the right time in front
of the right person who opens
the right door for them.
So our entire programming
for our students
is designed with that in mind
to create these types of moments
where they can be engaged
with the person who can
create an opportunity for them.
It's these types of
connections that we
want to establish for all of
our students all the time.
Vision 20/20 at
Stanford is about taking
all of these opportunities
and career connections
to where the students are rather
than waiting for the students
to come to us.